GitHub DS Plugin docs (#292)
grafana/github-datasource: docs/sources/variables-and-macros/variables.md

---

> slug: '/variables'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

title: 'Variables'
menuTitle: Variables

> description: Using variables for the GitHub data source plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about the variables you can use in the GitHub data source plugin for Grafana
```

keywords:
  - data source
  - github
  - github repository
  - API
labels:
  products:
    - oss
    - enterprise
    - cloud
weight: 201
---

# Variables

> A [Variable](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/variables/) is a placeholder for a value that can be used in queries for a dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [variable](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/variables/) is a placeholder for a value that you can use in dashboard queries.
```

---
slug: '/variables'
title: 'Variables'
menuTitle: Variables

> description: Using Variables for the GitHub data source plugin

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Using variables for the GitHub data source plugin
```

aliases:
  - github
keywords:
  - data source
  - github
  - github repository
  - API
labels:
  products:
    - oss
    - enterprise
    - cloud
weight: 201
---

# Variables

[Variable](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/variables/) is a placeholder for a value that can be used in queries for a dashboard. 

Variables allow you to create more interactive and dynamic dashboards by replacing hard-coded values with dynamic options. They are displayed as dropdown lists at the top of the dashboard, making it easy to change the data being displayed.

**Example**

> Here is an example of creating a Dashboard variable:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is an example of creating a dashboard variable:
```

> ![Creating Variables](/media/docs/grafana/data-sources/github/variables-create.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Creating variables](/media/docs/grafana/data-sources/github/variables-create.png)
```

You can reference them inside queries, allowing users to configure parameters such as `Query` or `Repository`.

> ![Using Variables inside queries](/media/docs/grafana/data-sources/github/using-variables.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Using variables inside queries](/media/docs/grafana/data-sources/github/using-variables.png)
```
